This is a source file distribution for the game dungeon as implemented
in C.  It is based on the game dungeon as distributed on a DECUS tape,
circa 1980.  It has been converted from the original DEC FORTRAN to
f77 to C.  See the file "History" for some revision history and credit
to those whose efforts have made this possible.

Take a look at the Makefile.  It should be fine for most systems,
although you may want to change BINDIR and LIBDIR.  On SCO UNIX see
the note at the definition of CFLAGS.  Makefile.MSC should work for
MS-DOS using Microsoft C.  It was contributed by Jonathan Mark
(uunet!microsoft!jonm).

To compile and link dungeon, type make.  To install it in BINDIR and
LIBDIR, type make install.

There are two functions in local.c that you may want to write for your
system.  The first controls when the game can be played, and can be
used to disallow play during business hours, for example.  The second
controls who is allowed to invoke the game debugging tool; note that
this will only be available at all if you uncomment the GDTFLAG line
in the Makefile.  The comments in local.c explain what to do.

All files in the distribution kit are ASCII.  The files dtextc.uu1,
dtextc.uu2, dtextc.uu3, dtextc.uu4 are parts of a uuencoded binary
file named dtextc.dat.  The Makefile will create the binary file
automatically on a UNIX system; elsewhere you will have to stick the
four files together in numerical order and run the resulting large
file through uudecode.  I can't help you find uudecode, though.

The binary file dtextc.dat holds the text strings and initialization
information for the game.  The strings are encrypted to prevent easy
cheating; if you want to do further work on the program, or translate
the strings, Ian Taylor (address below) has a program to convert this
file back and forth from a human-readable form.

This has been compiled and tested on a DECstation 3100 running Ultrix
4.0, a VAXstation GPX running Ultrix 3.1, an 80386 box running SCO
Unix 3.2.2, an 8800 running Ultrix, a Sun box running SUN OS 4 release
4, and an 80386 PC running MS-DOS.

I consider my changes to be in the public domain, as did previous
contributors (see the History file for more detail).  The original
source, however, is copyright.

	Ian Lance Taylor
	ian@airs.com or uunet!airs!ian
	11 March 1991

Dungeon consists of the following files:

	dmain.c			-program root
	dgame.c			-main routine
	dsub.c			-resident subroutines
	dinit.c			-initialization routine
	np.c			-parser, part 0
	np1.c			-parser, part 1
	np2.c			-parser, part 2
	np3.c			-parser, part 3
	gdt.c			-game debugging tool
	verbs.c			-principal verbs
	objcts.c		-principal objects
	sverbs.c		-simple verbs
	dverb1.c		-auxiliary verbs, part 1
	dverb2.c		-auxiliary verbs, part 2
	actors.c		-character processors
	demons.c		-demon processors
	clockr.c		-clock event processors
	rooms.c			-room processors
	nrooms.c		-new room processors
	sobjs.c			-simple objects
	nobjs.c			-new objects
	ballop.c		-balloon processor
	lightp.c		-light processors
	villns.c		-villain processors
	dso1.c			-overlaid subroutines, part 1
	dso2.c			-overlaid subroutines, part 2
	dso3.c			-overlaid subroutines, part 3
	dso4.c			-overlaid subroutines, part 4
	dso5.c			-overlaid subroutines, part 5
	dso6.c			-overlaid subroutines, part 6
	dso7.c			-overlaid subroutines, part 7
	funcs.h			-header file with function prototypes
	vars.h			-header file with variable definitions
	parse.h			-header file for parsing routines
	supp.c			-support routines and more processing
	local.c			-hooks for local definition
	dindxc.dat		-data base [binary file]
	dungeon.6		-man page
	Makefile		-Makefile
	Makefile.MSC		-Makefile for MS-DOS and Microsoft C
	History			-Some revision history notes
	README			-This file
