	Derivation of 9k
	Geoff Collyer

AMD64

Jim McKie created 9k for the amd64 architecture, as a cpu server kernel,
primarily to explore high-performance computing (HPC, or supercomputing) on
larger (64-bit) systems.  It's more careful about using varargs for system
call arguments and about sizes of integers generally; it uses uintptr a lot
where 9 used ulong.  Jim made some other changes (e.g., created the Sys
struct, rewrote sysexec and removed swapping).  He didn't bother with a lot
of drivers for old crufty hardware (e.g., 10Mb/s ethernet) and put no
effort into creating a terminal kernel, so omitted USB and VGA.  I think
USB would be easy to restore, but I haven't needed nor wanted it.

VGA is of course a can of worms: aside from the churn in video cards, the
9/pc implementation requires using real mode and providing access to
hardware registers via #v, and once a cpu is in 64-bit long mode, it's
going to be quite painful to revert to real mode and back.  It was bad
enough reverting to 32-bit protected mode in order to implement graceful
reboot.

I picked up the 2014 /sys/src/9k in 2019, when I upgraded my Xeon servers.
It could only support 600MB of ram, got stray traps, had outdated drivers,
and some (mainly pci-e) drivers for modern devices had never been brought
forward to 9k.  I fixed all of that.  I didn't expect anyone else to run my
copy of the system, so I have done some refactoring (notably main and
sysexec) and made other changes to suit my taste.  I find long functions
(over a page, say) harder to follow, so have broken some up.  I moved a few
almost-portable files like syscall.c to port with only minor changes to
factor out the unportabilities.  With a bit of work to smooth over 9 vs.
9k differences, the important drivers (igbe, xgbe, ahci, nvme) are either
identical in my 9 and 9k, or very close to identical.  I still run 9/pc on
a couple of systems: a console server, and a cpu server for mpm and
ghostscript.

RISC-V

The riscv rv port is derived from the amd64 port.  It's initially for the
RV64GC Polarfire Icicle.  There was an assumption that memory started at
physical address 0; I think I have removed that assumption.  I generally
link the system for 0x80000000 (KZERO), which seems to also be the usual
physical address of the start of ram for RISC-V; it's strongly encouraged
by machine mode having no paging.  The console is expected to be on the
second uart (uart 1).

It expects to usually be started in supervisor mode in rv64 mode.  It runs
in tinyemu, starting in machine mode.  The rv64 port implements 39-bit and
48-bit virtual addresses, as available.  57- and 64-bit addressing are
implemented but untested.

I haven't got the details of how to access PCI configuration space, so the
PCI support code isn't working yet, but it should only require changing the
access functions.  Graceful reboot works.  Commands seem to work correctly
in general; ghostscript never really works correctly.  I have built APE,
though I can build awk (and thus build a kernel) without it.
