Wed Jul 15 15:06:48 BST 2009

learning more than I wanted to about how our windows server
infrastructure works.

It seems we have blades called se-blade-01 se-blade-02 etc and virtual
servers called se-01 and se-02 etc., the blades provide a hot spare
system where the two physical blades can switch places at any time.
You normally connect to a server, e.g., se-01, this server will then
contain dfs referals to other machines.  Sadly these referrals are in
terms of physical blades and not in terms of virtual servers, so you
cannot strcmp() the connected host name with the referals.

Just to add more confusion, the IP addresses are dynamically mapped
too so I cannot resolve the IP addresses.  The only way to tell if two
names map to the same host is to ingest the ARP table and lookup the
IP addresses in that.  That will show if the two IPS and thus the two
hosts are the same.

This works only if you are on the same physical network of course.

(sigh)


Wed Jul 15 14:38:37 BST 2009

Added case siginificance to cifs for most files this is easy, however
for share names its hard as T2getallinfo() seems to return with the
filename in lowercase for no good reason.  There is also a problem
that the redirected share name may not have the same name as the
directory it reprisents, so a simple strcmp() is not good enough.
Instead I assume that if the windows translated path is just "/" then
its a share and in that case I don't check the filename is what was
expected, as the share name translation is case significant and will
have enforced the change.

The DFS stuff is still a mess and needs a rewrite but the lack of
documentation from MS is a real problem.

I also tried to return an error specifying the remote path to DFS
links that point to another host (not currently supported), this
doesn't work and I cannot tell why - there is some odd code in
/sys/src/lib9p/srv.h:/^cloneandwalk/ which ignores errors if they
occur on anything after the first walk, however removing this still
resulted in the debug from -D (9pchatty mode) showing the walk
succeeding - very odd.

It would be nice one day to rework the DFS code so it tries to use the
current if it is on the list, however pings are rare and RTT times are
cached and in some topologies there might be a different host that is
actually closer, so long term it would be better to be unbiased about
it.


Fri Oct 24 13:37:51 BST 2008

Looked again at DFS, Microsoft have at last published the full
protocol spec, so we have more of a chance of a proper client.

Looking at my environment I now connect only to the root of the dfs
tree, i.e.  I no longer do an autoconnect to all the available shares,
so the connect is faster (good).  then I allow dfs to autoconnect on
demand.

I added some cacheing of ping RTTs so the autoconnect should be faster
too.

The cache doesn't fully work as expected as we only create cache
entries on walk at present and not on any other operations.  This
means cloning an existing fid and using it will not cause a
re-evaluation of the cache even if it has expired.

I think I can design dfs under plan9 to run in a single program -
perhaps cifs becomes cifssrv and I have multiple attaches as required.
I could also have a ctrl file which gets requests for new instances.
Of failing that the srv instances themselves could do the mount of new
sessions.  The only problem with this I see is that different hosts
might need different command line options.  It could get messy tryiong
to emulate this with attach specificers.

must look at MAC signing again too, how to do validate my work?


Tue Mar 18 14:58:30 GMT 2008

made MID a variable rather than a constant, Windows servers restrict
sessions to one per MID/user, thus a new session to a given server as
user fred will kick off previous sessions.  I thought this was useful
and seemed to be what Microsoft intended.  I have since found that in
a complex DFS environment two IP addresses can point to the same
server which supports the shares previously distributed across a pair
of servers.  When you try to connect to these two servers the seccond
connection is then hung up by the windows server as it has the same
MID.  Mids are now made up on the fly.


Mon Oct 30 11:03:36 GMT 2006

Tried to extract the password expiry date from cifs - definitely no
RAP call to do it, MS say its held in LDAP (sigh), it might be
possible with a RPC call...  we are always one technology behind.


Wed Oct 25 13:43:54 BST 2006

CVS is now quite happy - tested for several months

Fixed a bug in the linked list handling of open files (dam) if all the
attaches of a cifs filesystem where closed and then a new attach was
made cifs(1) would suicide.


Fri Aug 11 11:52:05 BST 2006

Found another silly that caused CVS to get confused (I think this is
the one, need to do some more testing, but it seems saner now).

fsopen was referencing a perm member of the incomming 9p message which
does not exist, and getting random numbers for permissions and
creating readonly files somtimes.


Thu Aug 10 10:34:14 BST 2006

Bug in pdatetime() / gdatetime() - logic wrong way up for working
around a bug in Win95 - obvious as touch(1)ing a file would give silly
1907 dates.

Not sure if I have broken win95 compatability but I no longer have any
of them to test with.


Tue Nov 8 11:02:48 GMT 2005

Fixed a howler that prevented files in dfs-mounted areas from being
renamed.

I now attempt to automount shares that are referenced by DFS links but
which do not exist.  This is a bodge nescessary as RAP ShareEnum drops
shares with names > 12 chars long.  If I ever implement RCP then this
problem will go away.

Still have some problem with cvs updates on dfs mounted dirs, CVS
controlled files (CVS/Template) appears to become unexpectedly
readonly.

DFS implementation is a mess and should be a seperate program, it
makes the outrageous assumption that all the DFS links appear on and
point to a single machine (works for me, sorry).

MAC signing still doesn't work and I still cannot see why.

------------------------------------------------------------
Tarted up dfsrootinfo - now works properly.

1/ I can find the domain controller (look up the domain name in dns,
	I.E. _ldap._tcp.pdc._msdcs.snellwilcox.local).

2/ I can find the domain name by doing a referral request for "" to
the domain controller

3/ I can find the DFS root servers by using these replies in another
referral request

However I cannot find the name of the share at the root of DFS

I could also find the closest server by doing a DNS lookup for
_ldap._tcp.SITENAME._sites.dc._msdcs.snellwilcox.local where
sitenameis the site.  Unfortunately this site name seems to come only
from LDAP

On the positive side it looks like jsut a dns lookup of
snellwilcox.local will return entries in increasing "distance from
you" order - I.E.  pick the first one.


Wed Sep 28 14:49:40 BST 2005

Dfs almost works, needs to trim the requested name by the number of
chars in 'used'.

Still reckon dfs should be a separate program so I can do DFS lookups
of "" and "domain" and do the binds of namespaces as they appear.

looks like I can find the domain controller through DNS.

Name mapping is starting to work but I have hit a problem.  I am
keeping the share pointer in the aux structure and this is wrong.  I
need to search the share table for the correct name when I resolve
names I may also need to resolve a machine name table!  Not sure if
this is a good idea or not This would give a directory of machine
names with shares under it and files under that.  The alternative is
to bind in seperate file servers on demand.

/* FIXME: path+used - in T2getdfsreferral below is wrong - unicode means you cannot add pointers */
T2setfilelength(Session *s, Share *sp, int fh, FInfo *fip) 	/* FIXME: maybe broken, needs tested. */


Wed Sep 14 11:31:11 BST 2005

Proper support for deleting opened files added.  Added a Filetable
synthetic file as part of the debug - probably junk this soon but I
have left it in as it might help with some other debugging.

Still have problems with cvs which I don't understand:
	
	cvs [update aborted]: cannot write <CVS/Template file>: Permission denied

Seems to be opening the file with 17 mode (truncate and write) causes
the problem but its intermitant.


Sept 8th

cannot delete (or probably rename) open files.  probably need to keep
a separate list of open file structures so all fids on a file can be
closed (and later reopened for rename()) by filename.

July 26
	MAC signing still broken, only enabled with a compile option,
	see mkfile

	mschap moved out of factotum temporarly so we can try to get
	MAC signing to work.

	Openfile synthetic always seems to give permission denied

	DFS only just started, need more info on how it is really
	implemented.

	share enum disappointing - seems there really is no way to
	enumerate shares with names that are more than 13 (correct ?)
	chars long.


July 6 2005
	new auth structure in place

	NTLMv2 works fine.

	MAC signing should work but doesn't.
	
	The lm hash I generate for those protocols is rubbish.  This
	means MAC signing will not work with LM auth.

	Currently cifs uses proto=pass rather than proto=mschap in an
	attempt to get MAC signing to work.  I need the internal
	hashes to generate the MAC key used to sign packets and this
	is not exposed by factotum at present.  I have got to get MAC
	signing to work first, longer term I will alter the struct
	comming back from factotum to add a MACkey field.

	need to update code to do multiple trans2 calls so I can get
	full user and node lists.

	rpc looks like its not too difficult after all - see
	workbench.c - this would allow more stats gathering and, more
	importantly SID to name mapping.

	maybe need to modify the rap calls so they malloc the
	structures required and make sure they are properly freed
	after use.

	dfs support is not really done yet, initial stab seems to work
	for /n/???/Dfsroot

	DFS startup attaches to the domain - how to find the very
	first CIFS server?

	DFS failure on walk(2) should result in a new attach, maybe
	via plumber or perhaps just forking another instance of cifs.

----------------------------------------------------------------

aquarela fails
	fixed server timestamp in negioate
	bodged support of GENERRIC_READ/WRITE/EXECUTE in smb_com_open
	added find_first+full_directory_info & find_next+full_directory_info 
	added smb_com_write_andx
	allow set info to change attributes
	trans2_set_file_information

Win95 set file length using CIFSwrite won't work as that uses
writeandx and write and x of zero buyes doesn't truncate the file.

need to test large read and writes (IE > MTU) which are enabled by
CAP_LARGE_READ and CAP_LARGE_WRITE, unfortunately I don't have a win32
machine with >= 2GB free space.

We connect with the same multiplex ID and source machine name so a
given server will drop old connections when new ones are made.

There is a TRANS2 to change the name of an open file but is it worth
it - I cannot do anything else to an open file.

DEC Pathworks servers may add trailing whitespace to filenames.  We
don't dare strip this at present as whitespace is a vaid filename
character these days.  maybe we should have a commandline option for
this.  Experience will tell.


Known CIFS problems
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
NT adds a trailing zero as part of the filename in findfirst/findnext,
This is not a problem for us as we treat filenames as zero terminated
anyway.

Core Setattr function doesn't appear to work under Windows NT4

It isn't possible to set datestamps on directories under Win95

It is necessary to seek to EOF to get stat() to report the correct
size for files that are open.
